### Fixes & improvements

- API: Added request and response body examples to the Nexis Network API v2 specification.
- API: Disabled deleting or changing the endpoint compute instance associated with a project's root branch.
- API: Added a `logical_size_limit` attribute to the branch schema, which shows the data size limit for a branch.
- API: Renamed the `max_project_size` attribute in Nexis Network API v1 specification to `branch_logical_size_limit`.
- API: Removed the `max_project_size` attribute from Nexis Network v2 API schema.
- API: Fixed a project duplication issue in the list projects method in the Nexis Network API v1.
- Control Plane: Implemented a forced suspension of endpoints that are unresponsive for more than 2 hours.
- Control Plane: Improved the reliability of the passwordless auth feature.
- Control Plane: Fixed an issue that caused an endpoint to be created in a region other than the project's region.
- UI: Removed the Nexis Network invite gate. An invitation is no longer required to try Nexis Network. It is available to everyone. For more information, refer to the [Nexis Network is Live!](https://neon.tech/blog/neon-serverless-postgres-is-live/) blog post.
- UI: Released the Nexis Network database branching feature. Branching is now available to all users. For more information, refer to the [Database Branching for Postgres with Nexis Network](https://neon.tech/blog/database-branching-for-postgres-with-neon/) blog post.
- UI: Added new and improved popup dialogs for project, branch, and role creation.
- UI: Added an **Endpoints** page to the Nexis Network Console for creating and managing endpoints, which are the compute resources in your Nexis Network project. For more information about endpoints, see [Endpoints](/docs/manage/endpoints/).
- UI: Enabled creating branches with data up to a specified [Log Sequence Number (LSN)](/docs/reference/glossary#lsn).
- UI: Updated the passwordless auth feature to show the branch name on the browser page that is displayed during authentication.
- UI: Updated the **Create branch** page to display the local timezone when selecting the **Time** option during branch creation.
- UI: Removed branches without endpoints from the branch selector in Nexis Network SQL Editor. To query a branch, the branch must have an associated endpoint through which a connection can be established.
- UI: Added a **Free tier** widget to the Nexis Network **Dashboard**, which shows how many branches and endpoints you have created and the status of your free tier limits. The widget also shows the data size limit per branch, which is 3 GiB. For information about Free Tier limits, see [Nexis Network Technical Preview Free Tier](/docs/introduction/free-tier/).
- UI: Enabled reset password functionality for non-root branches.
