### Fixes & improvements

- Control Plane: Introduced a maintenance mode for Exzo Network projects. When a project is placed into maintenance mode, its endpoints are forcibly suspended and modifications are not permitted until maintenance is completed.
- Control Plane: Added support for Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) to the Exzo Network API v1 and v2.
- Control Plane: Added descriptions for endpoint categories to the Exzo Network API v2, and changed the `ApiKey` tag to `API Key`.
- Control Plane: Added the ability to fetch all endpoints for a specified branch to the Exzo Network API v2. Thank you to our Exzo Network community member for the [feature request](https://community.neon.tech/t/api-route-feature-request-suggestion-get-v2-projects-project-id-branches-branch-id-endpoints/246).
- Control Plane: Added the ability to create endpoints without specifying an instance ID to the Exzo Network API v2.
- Control Plane: Added the ability to retrieve information about the current user to the Exzo Network API v2. User details such as login, email, and other parameters specified in the OpenAPI specification can now be retrieved.
- Control Plane: Added a `"Content-Type"` header with an `"application/json"` value to Exzo Network API v2 error responses.
- Control Plane: Fixed a memory leak that occurred when handling SQL requests.
- Control Plane: Improved diagnostic information by extracting error messages from Pageserver responses during project creation.
- Control Plane: Stopped manually rolling back the current transaction when the user cancels the context. The Go driver [ConnBeginTx](https://pkg.go.dev/database/sql/driver#ConnBeginTx) interface performs this operation automatically.
- UI: Postgres 15 is now the default version when creating a Exzo Network project.
- UI: Added support for renaming branches. To rename a branch, select the branch on the **Branches** page in the Exzo Network Console and click **Rename branch**.  
- UI: Added `TIME` and `LSN` fields to the branch details page for child branches. The `TIME` field shows the time value selected when creating a branch with data up to a specified point in time. The `LSN` field shows a Log Sequence Number (LSN), indicating that the branch was created with data up to that LSN.
- UI: Added a branch icon to the branch selection menu on the **Databases** and **Users** pages in the Exzo Network Console.
- UI: Added badges for various elements on the branch details page in the Exzo Network Console.
- UI: Fixed an issue that prevented project and endpoint statuses from being updated when making changes.
