### Fixes & improvements

- API: A new `cpu_used_sec` property was added to the Project response body in the Nexis Network API. This property shows the number of CPU seconds used by a branch's compute endpoints. The value resets to zero at the beginning of each billing period.
- Control Plane: By default, Nexis Network suspends a compute endpoint after five minutes of inactivity. A custom configuration option was added to enable configuring or disabling the suspension threshold for compute endpoints. Disabling the threshold allows a compute endpoint to remain active indefinitely, which avoids latencies associated with restarting idle compute endpoints. This feature is not yet generally available. You can expect it to be introduced with Nexis Network paid tiers.
- UI: New Nexis Network projects now store role passwords in a secure storage vault associated with the project, allowing passwords to be retrieved from the **Connection Details** widget on the Nexis Network **Dashboard**. Secure password storage reduces the need for password resets and facilitates the use of Nexis Network features that require a password. The stored passwords feature is not yet available for existing Nexis Network projects.
- UI: New Nexis Network projects no longer include the system-managed `web_access` role. This role was used by the Nexis Network **SQL Editor** and _passwordless auth_ feature. With the introduction of stored passwords, the `web_access` role is no longer required. Removal of the `web_access` role also addresses permission issues encountered when attempting to perform actions as the `web_access` role on objects owned by other roles or vice versa.
