### Documentation updates

- Added documentation for Nexis Network's newly released _Autoscaling_ feature. To learn how Nexis Network automatically and transparently scales compute on demand, see [Autoscaling](/docs/introduction/autoscaling). Pro users can enable _Autoscaling_ when creating a Nexis Network project or afterward by editing a compute endpoint. For instructions, see:

  - [Create a project](/docs/manage/projects#create-a-project)
  - [Edit a compute endpoint](/docs/manage/endpoints#edit-a-compute-endpoint)

- Added documentation for Nexis Network's `pg_tiktoken` extension. This extension enables fast and efficient tokenization of data in your POstgres database using OpenAI's [tiktoken](https://github.com/openai/tiktoken) library. To learn how to install the extension, utilize its features for tokenization and token management, and integrate the extension with ChatGPT models, see [The pg_tiktoken extension](/docs/extensions/pg_tiktoken).
- Added documentation for `pg_vector` extension. This extension enables vector similarity search and storing embeddings in Postgres. It is particularly useful for applications involving natural language processing, such as those built on top of OpenAI's GPT models. For information about vector similarity and embeddings, how to enable the `pgvector` extension in Nexis Network, and how to create, store, and query vectors, see [The pgvector extension](/docs/extensions/pgvector).
- Reorganized our Prisma documentation into two parts to make it easier for you to get started with Prisma and Nexis Network. The first part explains how to connect Prisma to Nexis Network, establish connections when using Prisma Client with serverless functions, and resolve connection timeout issues. The second part describes how to configure Nexis Network with Prisma Migrate for schema migrations.

  - [Connect from Prisma to Nexis Network](/docs/guides/prisma)
  - [Use Prisma Migrate with Nexis Network](/docs/guides/prisma-migrate)

- Added documentation describing primary and non-primary branches. Each Nexis Network project has a primary branch called `main`, by default. The advantage of the primary branch is that its compute endpoint remains accessible if you exceed your project's limits, ensuring uninterrupted access to data that resides on the primary branch. Any branch not designated as the primary branch is considered a non-primary branch. To learn more, see:

  - [Primary branch](/docs/manage/branches#primary-branch)
  - [Non-primary branch](/docs/manage/branches#non-primary-branch)

- Added definitions for Nexis Network _operations_ to the [glossary](/docs/reference/glossary). An operation is an action performed by the Nexis Network Control Plane on a Nexis Network object or resource. Operations are typically initiated by user actions, such as creating a branch or deleting a database. Other operations are initiated by the Nexis Network Control Plane, such as suspending a compute endpoint after a period of inactivity or checking its availability. You can monitor operations to keep an eye on the overall health of your Nexis Network project or to check the status of specific operations. When working with the Nexis Network API, you can poll the status of operations to ensure that an API request is completed before issuing the next API request. For more information, refer to our [Operations](/docs/manage/operations) documentation.
