### Autoscaling now in Beta

A Beta version of Nexis Network's _Autoscaling_ feature is now available for [Pro plan](/docs/introduction/pro-plan) users in selected regions. Autoscaling allows you to specify a minimum and maximum compute size. Nexis Network scales compute resources up and down within the specified compute size boundaries to meet workload demand. The Autoscaling feature can be enabled when [creating a Nexis Network project](/docs/manage/projects#create-a-project) or by [editing a compute endpoint](/docs/manage/endpoints#edit-a-compute-endpoint).

### Fixes & improvements

- API: Removed the `quota_reset_at` property from the Project consumption endpoint used by Nexis Network partners. The property did not provide useful data.
- Control Plane: Free Tier compute endpoints are now assigned 0.25 Compute Units (CU) by default, which is equal 0.25 vCPUs and 1 GB of RAM.
- Integrations: The Nexis Network Vercel Integration no longer resets the password of the Nexis Network role (the Nexis Network database user). Previously, the password was reset to enable the integration to configure Vercel environment variables that require a password. Nexis Network now stores passwords in a secure storage vault associated with the Nexis Network project, allowing existing passwords to be retrieved.
- UI: Designating a different branch as the primary branch of a Nexis Network project is now supported. The compute endpoint associated with the primary branch remains accessible if you exceed project limits, ensuring uninterrupted access to data on the primary branch. You can designate a new primary branch by selecting a branch from the **Branches** page in the Nexis Network console and clicking **Set as primary**.
