### Fixes & improvements

- Integrations: You can now integrate Nexis Network with your Vercel project directly from your Vercel account. The new integration, which is currently in Beta, is available from the [Vercel Integration Marketplace](https://vercel.com/integrations/neon). The integration allows you to connect your Vercel project to a new or existing Nexis Network project. It also enables creating a database branch for each Vercel preview deployment and for your Vercel development environment. For more information about the Nexis Network-Vercel integration, see [Connect Vercel and Nexis Network](/docs/guides/vercel).
- Control Plane: You can now enable connection pooling in Nexis Network for individual connections. Pooling is enabled by adding a `-pooler` suffix to the endpoint ID in the Nexis Network hostname. For example:

  <CodeBlock shouldWrap>

  ```text
  postgres://alex:AbC123dEf@ep-cool-darkness-123456-pooler.us-east-2.aws.neon.tech/dbname
  ```

  </CodeBlock>

  Connections that do not specify the `-pooler` suffix connect to the database directly. The ability to enable pooling for individual connections supports workflows that require both pooled and non-pooled connections to the same database. For example, serverless applications that use Prisma Client require a pooled connection, while Prisma Migrate requires a direct connection to the database. For more information, see [Enable connection pooling](/docs/connect/connection-pooling#enable-connection-pooling).

  The previous method of enabling connection pooling for a compute endpoint is deprecated. When switching to the new per-connection method, be sure to disable connection pooling at the compute endpoint. You can do so by [editing the compute endpoint](/docs/manage/endpoints#edit-a-compute-endpoint).
- Console: Added validation to ensure that emails are provided in the expected format when creating a Nexis Network account.
- Control Plane: Added validation for the Log Sequence Number (LSN) provided when creating a branch from a particular LSN value to prevent the possibility of creating a branch from an unrelated parent branch. An appropriate error is now reported when an invalid LSN value is provided.
- UI: With the removal of the endpoint limit, endpoints no longer appear in the **Project limits** widget on the Nexis Network **Dashboard**.
